.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2018 Wookey <wookey@debian.org>,
.\" (C) Copyright 2021 Lukas K. <lukas@horizon-eda.org>,
.\"
.TH HORIZON-IMP 1 "2021-05-12"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
horizon-imp \- horizon EDA interactive manipulator

.SH SYNOPSIS
.RI horizon-imp
\-y \fI<symbol file>\fP | 
\-c \fI<blocks file> <pictures directory>\fP |
\-a \fI<padstack file>\fP |
\-k \fI<package file>\fP |
\-b \fI<board file> <blocks file> <pictures directory>\fP |
\-f \fI<frame file>\fP |
\-d \fI<decal file>\fP
[\-r]
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents the
.B horizon-imp
command.
.PP
horizon-imp is the 'interactive manipulator' and can be run in one of 5 
modes, each operating on a different type of item: symbol, schematic, 
padstack, package, board, frame or decal.

.SH OPTIONS
Details of options are included below.
.TP
.B \-y \fI<symbol file>\fP
Run in Symbol mode.
.TP
.B \-c \fI<blocks file> <pictures directory>\fP
Run in Schematic mode
.TP
.B \-a \fI<padstack file>\fP
Run in Padstack mode
.TP
.B \-k \fI<package file>\fP
Run in Package mode
.TP
.B \-b \fI<board file> <blocks file> <pictures directory>\fP
Run in Board mode
.TP
.B \-f \fI<frame file>\fP
Run in Frame mode
.TP
.B \-d \fI<decal file>\fP
Run in Decal mode
.TP
.B \-r
Open file read only

.SH USAGE
Aside from debugging, there's normally little reason to run this command
directly, as it's usually launched by
.BR horizon-eda (1).

.SH ENVIRONMENT
This command requires the environment variable HORIZON_POOL to point to the pool's directory (the one with the pool.json and pool.db in it)

.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was initially written by
Wookey <wookey@debian.org> for the Debian GNU/Linux system
(but may be used by others). It has been kept up-to-date by the Horizon 
EDA Project.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR horizon-imp (1),
